the toughest of conditions but has
managed to overcome adversity here she
is it has all the time why you so dark
you know why is it all lights a dog
growing out my new was almost wrong to
be dark incident the Ducks can I hated
incident my dad was in military and him
being a military he was a target so we
had to move along what over the camp we
had no light
it was scary because I got used to
hearing gunshots I new dog skin girls
will bring babe outside the camp because
was it a skin color and that scared me
the dog skin is being raped so this so
they could have light skin kids we had
to move to another spot again thank God
was in Kenya hbu feel the fear just look
at my dad icing you guys have to get out
of the country and we had to leave we
had to come to us so we left him behind
as last time I saw him
in 1996 the worst i came to
we'll find out that he was actually he
was killed I asked God why I'm so does
if I was lighter skin who let me kick
out my own country if I was
light-skinned will my life be different
I'm still in the process of accepting my
drug skin color you said you're still in
the process of assets except in your
dark skin which I find absolutely
beautiful there's no
this is something that you you when I
would hate to his college struggle with
but for you it's a struggle it's
something I struggle with for a long
time being being this dark men in high
school being called names you know like
for a high school in America I saw in
America for example being called African
booty scratcher which I later find out
mean I scratched myself and I eat
whatever left off good i'm so hungry
when i used to run fast in high school
people say off donors and she runs fast
because she got used to be chased by
lions all the time it's it's a struggle
and kids are cruel do you ever look in
the mirror and see beauty like what I
see now I see Beauty do you ever see
that seeing um I'll a quick now I made
me finally a set decide that I am
beautiful dark skin and she inspired me
in every way you can think of mm-hmm so
see her yeah she's pretty cool yeah sure
yeah this is great and you know what
she's here today someone up your elec
oh my god you were me oh I never get
moist over oh you are so beautiful
running and then listening I'm like are
you serious God look at the weird people
what they make people gang you know the
negativity you can never listen to that
you are so beautiful I couldn't believe
it sitting back there oh and thank you
now the you're beautiful and just
remember you a beautiful woman and that
is
I'm making a beautiful thing you could
do and leave in this of thank you
because of you I I feel beautiful and
thank you
important to me is is the media and how
what you're talking about how different
races different colors different sizes
it is imperative that the media
represent all different types of beauty
because when the media puts you on a
cover of a magazine elec it lets little
black girls in America black girls in
Africa black girls in South America
black girls in the world say I am
beautiful that's why I do America's Next
Top Model and I have so many different
types of beauty yeah to show about
models but what people are saying models
are in our society considered ok this is
what beautiful is right so with my power
I'm like well i'm going to show you what
beautiful is it's all sizes it's all
colors its noses like this its noses
like this is either the green blue black
it's hair that is kinky it's here that
is straight it is skin that is black as
ink and white as alabaster if you really
truly believe in you you could really
inspire the young ones that not just
tomorrow's future but today's future so
that they could focus on what's really
important educate yourself